hello the bullfight of France because she
so it misses it especially it is complete the couplets all the refrains
are based on four agreements one of the least
major levin
t the site of the soft tissues
these elements the past to the first framed that at the margin the third
map
the traditional way of doing things can be done properly
third way that will bar
the fourth the third in the second place and the first round in
first class fifth body
this is during all the couplets of contraception agree the difficulty
it's really the rhythm
so we can do it with our part too
to the public from winter 20
and then finally the following agreement
so you really have to listen francis cabrel train
sail
let go now I give you so that's
to do that orange starts
tokyo do not hesitate to dialogue your agreement on the last two times of the
technical
it will give indeed for those who like any solar installation
it's a rhythm you do not have to wait too long to do the same
it's really good to soak up the piece
and let you go to some rhythmic variations Thomas and his 88
members of the Catholic right when I read each time
to my right lemaitre 20 years so you really have to win this step
three previous editions
mintya know that storari small common stay strong than expected each plan
because of time together and so today the close
this is for all the periphery ecoped the social contract sent to a bridge the
pontoon and in cinema in london
and then a measure to his counterparts
pauline teen 2 so we just go down the cd soft 2 4 kilos
we miss it is forgiveness
so we can flat down this disc
in the first round being first card
for the fifth time at the park
and then the third must be in the third quarter
for this fourth cordée the little gold finger
third quarter of the third string
so flat of size
he is out of water
and then going back to the feminine
I have a half measure
wc 2 honeycomb or the first must
but Lyon on May 24th the little finger in the third quarter on the first
cohort
but the miners
we do know so
the 6 47 at the wheel the third must be put one box higher
how in B flat two years
that's left unchanged to see it's the fif
life ball
cabrel news rate
before posting them in several places on the weight reinforcement for
which I propose to you to make seven
it was from there 15 years ago
on the second string
they have this referee who has passed under the guidance of notes both in a
deep coma at a time
the brigade of the
simcorp aa of the coast of 6 he confesses eighth case of the agreement had to the
Caspian corte and we will go to the Cégep in 10th carrasso who had mounted well
beginnings go back in eighths
candles the goal 6th cazaux on the
second seventh corner on the
4th
in december 8
for salam
in a recent disc
since beginning it gives
we stay there
here we will do a historical test twice 8th
morissette
five bags
bp 3 3
the whole second part is so if
where would you like to see if
in front of a snack
the third quarter and body
this is my job